game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Alien Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Universe Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Picture Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Rainbow Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Snowman Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Radioactive Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Penguin Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Old Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Fire Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Thief Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Inverted Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Librarian Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Tropical Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Forgotten Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Detective Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Content Deleted Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Lumberjack Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Nyan Cat Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Zombie Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Magic Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Group Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Firefly Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Hedge Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Vanilla Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Bacon Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["TV Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Night Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Creator Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Blocky Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Flamingo Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Cloud Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Crystal Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Glitch Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame 
wait(0.5)
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame = game:GetService("Workspace")["Pop_Tarts"]["Cactus Pop Tart"].Hitbox.CFrame
